Direct visual odometry forgone, replaced by semi-dense depth filtering (combining direct tracking with keypoints).
However, this does not build a consistent global map of the environment including loop closures.

In pose graph optimization, the world is represented as a number of keyframes connected by
pose-pose constraints, optimized by g2o.

LSD-SLAM locally tracks the motion of the camera and builds a consistent global map[1].
The method uses direct image alignment[2] + filtering-based estimation of semi-dense depth maps,
allowing correction of accumulated-drift.


Image (photometric) alignment using warp function and by optimizing warp params:

[1] a pose-graph consisting of keyframes as vertices and 3d similarity transforms as edges (sim3)

[2] two images are aligned by Gauss-Newton minimization of the photometric error(eq. 5)
    which gives the max-likelihood estimator for the parameter(s) of the warp between those two images.
    Starting with initial estimate (pose), we compute the increment (see eq. 6).

    I have an E (sum of squared photometric residuals, squint them eyes to read the paper). At the current estimate,
    I can approximate E near the estimate by a quadratic model using the first-order Taylor (not Taylor
    series for the AP students, instead its Taylor for the multivariates) of the residuals(*).
    J is the derivative of the stacked residual vector r, (J^T * J) is the Gauss-Newton approx. of the Hessian of E, see (eq. 6).

    everything is also multipled by a weight matrix W to avoid occlusion/reflection.

    see first-order taylor (linearization); you expand out (r_0 + J delta)**2 algebraically. the delta behind J is what I'm
    trying to solve for (I think), which is also the left-multiplied increment.


internal operations:
- employ scale-aware image alignment to estimate similarity transform between two keyframes
- incorporate probabilistically consistent uncertainty of estimated depth into tracking


what are semi-dense depth maps? how are they represented pragmatically?
what is direct image alignment?
what is filtering-based estimation of semi-dense depth maps?
what is a covariance?
